# Terraform EKS Cluster Deployment

This Terraform configuration deploys an Amazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service) cluster in AWS, along with associated VPC resources.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html)
- AWS CLI configured with appropriate access credentials

## Usage

1. Clone this repository:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository_url>
   cd <repository_directory>


Initialize Terraform:

terraform init


Adjust variables if necessary. Open the variables.tf file to review and modify the variables as needed.

Deploy the infrastructure:


terraform apply

Once the deployment is complete, you can access your EKS cluster using the Kubernetes configuration generated by Terraform.


kubectl config use-context <eks_cluster_name>

Configuration
The main Terraform configuration is in main.tf, and variables are defined in variables.tf. You can customize the configuration by modifying these files.

EKS Configuration
The EKS cluster is defined using the terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws module. Adjust the configuration in main.tf under the module "eks" section.

VPC Configuration
The VPC configuration is defined in vpc.tf. It creates a new VPC, internet gateway, route table, and subnets in different availability zones.

Variables
region: AWS region to deploy resources (default: "us-east-2").
eks_cluster_name: Name of the EKS cluster (default: "eks-cluster").
eks_node_group_instance_type: EC2 instance type for the EKS node group (default: "t2.micro").
vpc_name: Name of the VPC (default: "eks-vpc").
vpc_cidr_block: CIDR block for the VPC (default: "192.168.0.0/16").


Cleanup
To destroy the infrastructure and release associated resources, run:


terraform destroy
